DM-762 [Doc]Review lpwan-custom-codec and correct the Readme (#110)
SoftwareAG/cumulocity-clients-java: microservice/lpwan-custom-codec/readme.md

```json
{
  "encodedCommand": "9F000000",
  "properties": {
    "fport": "100"
  },

>   "message": "Successfully Encoded the payload",

Reviewer: not sure if this is something we can even change in the scope of this PR, but i think it should be "Encoded" -> "encoded" (lower case).

    }
```

## Deploying the example codec microservice

> 1. Clone https://github.com/SoftwareAG/cumulocity-examples.git repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone the https://github.com/SoftwareAG/cumulocity-examples.git repository.
```

2. Build the microservice using `mvn clean install`. This creates a ZIP file of the lanitec codec microservice.
3. Deploy the microservice by uploading the ZIP file using the Cumulocity IoT Administration UI.

> 4. Open the device management application. Under **Device protocols**, you should now see the device types with type "lpwan" created by the lansitec codec microservice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Open the Device Management application. Under **Device protocols**, you can now see the device types with type "lpwan" created by the lansitec codec microservice.
```

> ## Developing microservice without lpwan-custom-codec

Reviewer: "microservice" -> "a microservice" or "microservices"

> If the user does not use the lpwan-custom-codec, then the custom microservice developed by the user must adhere to the pre-requisite task performed by the lpwan-custom-codec i.e must create the device types and pre-defined commands to use the custom codec feature seamlessly. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user does not use the lpwan-custom-codec, then the custom microservice developed by the user must adhere to the prerequisite task performed by the lpwan-custom-codec, that is, the user must create the device types and predefined commands to use the custom codec feature seamlessly. 
```
